# StudyPlus Vision Statement

StudyPlus will enhance the learning experience of students and self-learners by giving them resources to improve their understanding and knowledge retention of topics they are studying. StudyPlus will be the go-to space for learners to study and further their education by allowing them to personalize and tailor their studying experiences to fit their own needs through the use of various tools. They will also be able to manage their schedule to stay on top of their learning.

StudyPlus is designed to be engaging and enjoyable for any individual looking to broaden their knowledge about a specific topic. While StudyPlus can be used by anyone with an interest in learning, it is primarily designed for students. StudyPlus allows its learners to organize and access their notes and other course material in one place. Additionally, they will be able to customize their learning experience through a variety of available tools (such as practice assessments, to-do lists, study timer, etc.) that support their preferred methods of studying. StudyPlus will assist students in staying on track with their studying and ensuring their goals are met.

StudyPlus is also open to teachers, professors, instructors, tutors and other experts who would like to create and share study content. Students and educators will have the ability to build a community by connecting with others, creating a healthy and encouraging space for peers to support each other to attain their academic goals.

StudyPlus is a significant improvement over other studying tools and applications; it is a space where a variety of studying techniques can be applied while also giving learners a place to store their notes and course material. This allows students to go back and forth between the things like practice assessments and their notes at their discretion. Motivation is one of the biggest issues students face throughout their academic journey. StudyPlus will aim to motivate learners and reduce burnout by making studying a more fun and enjoyable experience. Another objective is to increase accessibility. Students and self-learners typically find small excuses such as having to carry around notebooks or large devices to avoid studying. StudyPlus will aim to reduce the number of barriers that students face, hence promoting studying. By addressing such problems, StudyPlus will help students reach their academic goals.

StudyPlus’ success will be measured by several objectives. First, students who use StudyPlus on a consistent basis will be asked if they have seen improvements in their grades and understanding of the topics studied. Secondly, StudyPlus will generate progress reports to show the progress of the learners. These reports will be used to identify if students are retaining more information as they continue to use StudyPlus. Finally, after some use, students and educators will be asked if they have seen an improvement in organization, time management, and overall studying habits. If any one of the objectives show significant improvement, without a significant reduction in the other two, the studying tool will be considered a success.
